---
title: "On The Way To The Nest: Day One"
image: assets/images/ToTheNest/GoogleMap.png
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/DayOne
flexgallery: true
TwainStudy:
  - IMG_6189.jpeg
  - IMG_6195.jpeg
  - IMG_6198.jpeg
  - IMG_6200.jpeg

Peterson:
  - IMG_6204.jpeg
  - IMG_6203.jpeg
  - IMG_6201.jpeg
  - IMG_6208.jpeg

Camping:
  - IMG_6225.jpeg
  - IMG_6226.jpeg
  - IMG_6228.jpeg
  - IMG_6218.jpeg
  - IMG_6223.jpeg

---

{% include image 
  src="DayOne/IMG_6187.jpeg" 
  alt="Pack and Ready to GO!" 
  width="30%" float="right"
%}

After an early morning rise to close up our summer cottage, we were on
the road! Our cross-country road will have stops in Backus, MN to pick
up our camper, then down to Boulder, CO to visit Katherine. We hope to
continue west to see Matt and Meghna, but it looks like wildfires will
scuttle those plans. We'll keep an eye on that situation and will be
ready to go if we can do so safely. If not, there will be another road
trip as soon as we can get out there.

It was a beautiful fall day, and an easy drive to Elmira, NY. Our first
stop was to visit Mark Twain's study on the grounds of Elmira College.
Being an early Saturday morning, the picturesque campus was almost
deserted. The octagonal study, built in 1874, was where much of
Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and A Connecticut Yankee
in King Arthur's Court were written. In 1952, the study was moved from
its original home to the college campus. Check out this
[link](https://marktwainstudies.com/about/mark-twains-study/) for more
of the history.

{% include flex-gallery id="TwainStudy" height="40vh" %}

Back in the car and on to the [Roger Tory Peterson Institute of Natural
History](https://rtpi.org/) in Jamestown, NY. Many of us grew up with
the blue Field Guide to the Birds, written by Peterson. His system for
identification was based on grouping similarly shaped birds together and
highlighting the differences, making identification easy for amateur
birders. This system was then expanded to other animals and plants,
resulting in 52 field guides. Not only did Peterson compile these field
guides, but he made all of the illustrations by hand. The institute
displays many of these original works, as well as an extensive exhibit
of bronze bird sculptures by [Stefan
Savides](https://rtpi.org/what-we-do/art/future-exhibits/). We now own a
new copy of Field Guide to Birds of Eastern and Central North America.
Our binoculars are packed, so we'll work on a list of bird sightings
along the way -- I did see a bald eagle as we were driving through NY!

{% include flex-gallery id="Peterson" height="40vh" %}

Our final stop was in Chardon, OH to pitch our tent for the night. Until
we pick up the camper, we are tent camping. Not being fans of big,
crowded campgrounds (and they are crowded these days!), we decided to
give [Hipcamp](https://www.hipcamp.com/) a try -- it's like Airbnb for
camping. Our first night was at [Regenerative Farm
Stay](https://www.hipcamp.com/ohio/resilient-acres/regenerative-farm-stay-field-site).
We had a nice tent site in a big hay field, and fired up our Coleman
stove for a pot of veggie soup with paneer. We were tired and it was
really cold, so we crawled into our sleeping bags early.

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}