---
title: "Crossing Lake Michigan"
image: assets/images/Day3/20200921_071710.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Day3
flexgallery: true
Badger:
 - 20200921_102438.jpeg
 - IMG_6278.jpeg				
 - IMG_6280.jpeg				
 - IMG_6283.jpeg				
 - IMG_6284.jpeg				
 - IMG_6287.jpeg
 - IMG_6288.jpeg
 - IMG_6294.jpeg

Sculpture:
 - IMG_6298.jpeg
 - 20200921_173003.jpeg
 - IMG_6301.jpeg
 - IMG_6309.jpeg
 - 20200921_173854.jpeg

  
Camping:
 - IMG_6322.jpeg
 - IMG_6325.PNG 		

---
Day 3 -- 365 miles (plus 60 miles on the ferry)

While the rest of the campground was still fast asleep, we packed
everything back in the car (and I mean *packed*) and headed off to find
the ferry. We were second in line and waited while the sun came up. The
[SS Badger](https://www.ssbadger.com/) has been a ferry on Lake Michigan
for almost 70 years. She has a capacity of 600 passengers and 180
vehicles. We were nowhere near full capacity, and John and I shared the
Upper Deck Caf√© area with about 10 other folks. The lower deck areas
were more crowded, but we were ok with missing out on the bingo, trivia
games and movies. The SS Badger slogan -- Big ship, more fun! The lake
was a little rough, giving us a slightly rocky ride, but it was a
beautiful day to be on the lake. 4 hours later (3 by the clock, as we
moved to the next time zone) and we landed in Manitowoc, WI.

{% include flex-gallery id="Badger" height="30vh" %}

Second car on the ferry meant second car off, so we were on the road
quickly. Just north of the city we passed the Biden motorcade heading in
the other direction. It would have been fun to join in, but that darn
Covid keeps getting in the way!

Next stop was Minneapolis to wander in the [Sculpture
Park](https://walkerart.org/visit/garden), another stop on our Atlas
Obscura tour to see the [Spoonbridge and
Cherry](https://walkerart.org/collections/artworks/spoonbridge-and-cherry)
and [giant blue rooster](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/hahncock) .
Fun sculptures, nice gardens, and a pleasant break to stretch our legs.
It seems like a popular spot for families to spend time -- lots of kids
running around and families enjoying the nice weather.

{% include flex-gallery id="Sculpture" height="30vh" %}

A short drive north brought us to our next Hipcamp location. This was
[Flying "L"
Vineyard](https://www.hipcamp.com/minnesota/flying-l-vineyard/flying-l-vineyard)
in Isanti, MN. We had a nice spot for our tent in a field with young
fruit trees. There was another group camping on the other side of the
property near the vineyard, but far enough away that we couldn't tell
they were there. Our host provided lots of firewood, so we sat by the
roaring fire after sunset. We thought we heard a fox yapping as we were
turning in for the night, but otherwise had a quiet night. Up again
early to make our camper pickup appointment!!

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}