---
title: "Boulder, Colorado"
image: assets/images/Boulder/BoulderBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Boulder
flexgallery: true
M&M:
 - 62285610084__76EB1788-4D7C-4F5D-BAB6-AC4A6420FD15.jpeg
 - IMG_6495.jpeg
 - IMG_6485.jpeg
 - Sammy.jpg

 
Cheley:
 - IMG_6552.jpeg
 - IMG_6499.jpeg
 - IMG_6504.jpeg
 - IMG_6511.jpeg
 - IMG_6520.jpeg
 - IMG_6535.jpeg
 - IMG_6540.jpeg
 - IMG_6541.jpeg
 - IMG_6543.jpeg
 - IMG_6547.jpeg
 - IMG_6550.jpeg
 - IMG_6546.jpeg

WiMo:
 - IMG_6553.jpeg
 - IMG_6556.jpeg
 - IMG_6559.jpeg
 - IMG_6562.jpeg
 - IMG_6609.jpeg
 - IMG_6564.jpeg

GoldenGate: 
 - IMG_6622.jpeg
 - IMG_6614.jpeg
 - IMG_6617.jpeg
 - IMG_6620.jpeg
 - IMG_6623.jpeg
 
---

Days 9-12 -- Sept 27-30

We woke to a very chilly camper, but clear skies outside. Luckily, the
smoke didn't follow us down to boulder. It was a relaxing day for us,
knowing that we were staying put on the horse farm for several days. This is another Hipcamp location - [M&M Equestrian Center](https://www.hipcamp.com/colorado/m-m-equestrian-center/m-m-equestrian-center), just outside Boulder.

{% include flex-gallery id="M&M" height="30vh" %}

Our days in Boulder centered around time spent with Kat. It was SO good
to see her. Her last visit home was at Christmas, so we had lots to
catch up on. The main driving force of acquiring the camper was this
very visit. We had hoped to also head to CA to see Matt and Meghna, but
the wildfires are still making that too dangerous.

Highlights of our Boulder days --

-   Trip up to [Cheley Colorado Camps](https://www.cheley.com/), where Kat has worked for the past
    3 summers. We met lots of the horses and goats, and had a nice
    picnic lunch on the Chapel lawn. The views from the camp are
    spectacular -- what a place to spend your summer! 

{% include flex-gallery id="Cheley" height="30vh" %}

I was coaxed up a small rock pile, but not all the way to the top. Kat and John made that look easy, but my stomach did flips whenever I looked up or down!

<video width="320" height="400" controls>
  <source src="/assets/images/Boulder/IMG_6545.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

-   Last winter Kat did a 3-month [WWOOF](https://wwoof.net/) (World Wide Opportunities on
    Organic Farms) stay on a dairy farm near Boulder. She took us back
    to the farm to meet those cows, and lots of other farm animals. She
    has a close relationship with the farm family, and they always
    welcome her back for visits.

{% include flex-gallery id="WiMo" height="30vh" %}

-   Morning hike in [Golden Gate Canyon Park](https://cpw.state.co.us/placestogo/parks/GoldenGateCanyon) in Golden, CO. The aspen
    trees are brilliant now, and our hike took us through some really
    pretty groves, as well as pine forests. A new bird sighting to add
    to my list -- Stellar's Jay (but I didn't get a photo ).

{% include flex-gallery id="GoldenGate" height="30vh" %}

-   3 family dinners in the Scamp -- yummy take out from Modern Market,
    a pasta dinner and a paneer dinner - the Scamp smelled like an
    Indian restaurant after that!

{% include image 
  src="Boulder/IMG_6625.jpeg" 
  alt="Paneer in the Scamp" 
  width="30%" 
%}

-   Not enough hours spent with Kat. It's hard that she lives so far
    away, but Colorado is working out for her and we'll be back!!

