---
title: "On to Colorado"
image: assets/images/OnToCo/OnToCoBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/OnToCo
flexgallery: true
Carhenge:
 - 20200925_152711970_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_151510174_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_151547907_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_151559884_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_152257363_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_151816751_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_151903269_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_152530582_iOS.jpeg

ChimneyRock:
 - DSCN0735.jpeg
 - DSCN0733.jpeg

Pawnee:
 - DSCN0773.jpeg
 - DSCN0751.jpeg
 - DSCN0753.jpeg
 - DSCN0755.jpeg
 - DSCN0760.jpeg
 - DSCN0761.jpeg
 - DSCN0762.jpeg
 - DSCN0765.jpeg
 - 20200926_145927318_iOS.jpeg
 - DSCN0742.jpeg

Camping:
 - 20200926_223500832_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200926_234844851_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200926_234859863_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200927_194509183_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200927_001602888_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200927_003513501_iOS.jpeg
 
---

Today's destination is Laramie, WY. On the way, we stopped to check out
[Carhenge](https://www.roadsideamerica.com/story/2606) in Alliance, NE.
One man's tribute to a place he once called home. With no "stones", he
used what was readily available -- cars. There are also a few sculptures
made from car parts that have been added to the site. It's very silly,
and a good distraction from the long drive.

{% include flex-gallery id="Carhenge" height="30vh" %}

Having your house behind your car on your travels is very convenient. We
pulled into a nice park in Kimball, NE for our lunch stop. Pop into the
camper, make some sandwiches, set up chairs in the park and enjoy a
pleasant lunch. Plus, the bathroom facilities are always there -- and
always clean!

{% include image 
  src="OnToCo/20200925_181353779_iOS.jpeg" 
  alt="Lunch in the park" 
  width="30%" 
%}
On the way to Laramie, we stopped in to see [Chimney
Rock](https://www.nps.gov/nr/travel/scotts_bluff/chimney_rock.html) in
Bayard, NE. Since we were towing the camper, we weren't daring enough to
drive the road all the way out to the rock. It was still a neat sight
from the visitor's center.

{% include flex-gallery id="ChimneyRock" height="30vh" %}

The final leg into Laramie was not as we had expected. Just east of the
city, we drove into a thick cloud of smoke from the wildfires. We didn't
have any windows open, yet our eyes were burning from the smoke. There
was no way we could drive further into this and expect to camp. So, time
to backtrack to Cheyenne. We were able to find a last minute Hipcamp
reservation just north of Cheyenne, at [Last Chance
Camp](https://www.hipcamp.com/wyoming/last-chance-camp-lodging-bus/ranch-camp).
We filled our water tanks and parked out in the field where 2 other
campers were set up. We could smell the smoke and the sky was socked in,
but it wasn't enough to be much of a bother.

Although we didn't have an electrical hookup, our camper battery runs
our lights and water pump, and the propane cools the fridge and heats
the water. With a fairly good cell signal, we spent some time working on
the blog while John is teaching me some of the code involved.

We awoke to a surprising amount of soot and ashes on the camper and car.
I'm not sure how far away the fire is, but that stuff is traveling quite
a distance. Our current campsite wasn't more than camping in someone's
back yard, so we decided to venture into the unknown -- Boondocking!

Since our plan is to be in Boulder, CO on Sunday, we looked for some
public lands between Cheyenne and there to try our first boondocking --
totally off the grid. We weren't sure that we would be able to tell
where camping is allowed in these areas, but I found a map of [Pawnee
National
Grasslands](https://www.fs.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsinternet/cs/detail/!ut/p/z0/04_Sj9CPykssy0xPLMnMz0vMAfIjo8zijQwgwNHCwN_DI8zPyBcqYKBfkO2oCABZcx5g/?position=Not%20Yet%20Determined.Html&pname=Arapaho&ss=110210&navtype=BROWSEBYSUBJECT&pnavid=null&navid=170000000)
that shows exactly where it is allowed. There is private land mixed in
with public, and you need to be sure you are not on the private land.
So, off we go to Pawnee. Grasslands is right -- hardly a tree in sight!
Paved roads give way to dirt roads, and we found a well-used site near a
small watering hole. We both gave a go at practicing our trailer backing
and were able to park it on a level spot.

As we pulled in there was a
[pronghorn](https://nhpbs.org/natureworks/pronghorn.htm) on the ridge
behind our spot, but he didn't stick around for me to get my camera out.
Being near the water hole, we hope to see some wildlife. I did spot 2
birds at the water's edge, and using our new Peterson's Bird Guide,
identified them as a black-necked stilt and killdeer. Tracks in the mud
show cows, deer, and something with some good claws. There was also a
cool snake at the water's edge.

{% include flex-gallery id="Pawnee" height="30vh" %}

We felt like we were settling into our new spot, had lunch and a little
nap, but noticed an increase in the smoke and even ash falling around
us. The sky was now brown with smoke and it was getting uncomfortable to
breathe. I checked in with our camping hosts for the next night in
Boulder, and was able to reserve a spot for the night. So, everything
got packed up and we were back on the road. The drive to Boulder through
Fort Collins was really smoky, and we hoped that Boulder would be
clearer. We were in luck! We set up camp in a field in the back of large
horse stables -- I counted 27 horses in the paddocks around us. Oh, and
the sun was out! Kat lives 20 minutes from here -- she's celebrating her
birthday with her roommates tonight, so we'll see her tomorrow.

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}

