---
title: "Nebraska"
image: assets/images/Nebraska/NebraskaBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Nebraska
flexgallery: true
Pipestone:
 - IMG_6403.jpeg
 - IMG_6405.jpeg
 - IMG_6407.jpeg
 
Niobrara:
 - IMG_6412.jpeg
 - IMG_6413.jpeg
 - IMG_6415.jpeg
 - 20200925_002432963_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200925_002721164_iOS.jpeg

Ashfall:
 - DSCN0705.jpeg
 - DSCN0708.jpeg
 - DSCN0712.jpeg
 - DSCN0716.jpeg
 - DSCN0717.jpeg
 - DSCN0719.jpeg

Driving:
 - IMG_6428.jpeg
 - IMG_6409.jpeg
 - IMG_6418.jpeg
 - IMG_6420.jpeg
 - IMG_6422.jpeg
 
 
Camping:
 - IMG_6429.jpeg
 - IMG_6430.jpeg
---
Days 5 and 6 --

Although we didn't need to wake up early, the rooster was up at 5 on the
dot. He didn't get much response, so he gave up for a while before
trying again. It was nice to wake up to the sounds of the farm animals.
Pancakes and hot tea for breakfast, and a visit from the farm dogs to
start the day.

We bade farewell to the farm and silly goats. Today was my day to drive
with the camper. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I could
definitely feel the weight of the camper on the car, but it pulled
smoothly behind us. The hardest part is not being able to see the road
behind you. When we made our first stop, we checked inside and
everything was still in place. We have our heavier things (food, heavy
pots, etc) in the lower cabinets in hopes that they will stay put. The
cabinet doors have latches, but they can pop open as the camper moves
and contents shift.

Atlas Obsura site for the day was the [World's Largest Peace
Pipe](https://www.mnopedia.org/thing/worlds-largest-peace-pipe) in
Pipestone, MN. Pipestone is known for its [Pipestone National
Monument](https://www.nps.gov/pipe/index.htm), which is an active quarry
still used for carving ceremonial pipes. Only those with Native American
Ancestry are allowed to quarry the pipestone, using hand tools and
traditional methods. Due to Covid-19, the visitor's center was closed,
so we'll save that for another trip.

{% include flex-gallery id="Pipestone" height="30vh" %}

Our drive continues into South Dakota and over the Missouri River into
Niobrara State Park in Niobrara, NE. This campground was a stark
contrast to the campground in Michigan. There were very few campers
here, so plenty of space between us. There were a couple of big RV's,
but mostly smaller units and tents, and it was very quiet. During the
night, I heard a few trucks rumble by on the nearby road, and a brief
coyote conversation -- otherwise the sound of nothing.

We're getting the hang of living in our small space. Tea and oatmeal on
our indoor stove to start the morning, keeping dirty dishes to the
minimum (eating oatmeal out of the pot saves a dirty bowl ), clothes
kept neatly stowed in their totes, put things away as soon as you're
done with them -- maybe some habits that will stick with us when we get
home. If we are not hooked up to a water source, we can hold 24 gallons
of fresh water in our tanks. This week we are staying in campsites where
we can fill up, so we aren't at risk of running out. After next week,
we'll probably try some boondocking -- finding a secluded spot on
National Forest or Bureau of Land Management (BLM) land to camp for
free. Then we'll be relying on our battery for lights and water pump,
propane for refrigerator, stove and water heater, and our single fill-up
of water. We have yet to determine how much water it takes to shower --
not too much from our first showers, but more when I decided to wash my
hair. Our toilet uses some water, too. We'll see how long we can last
"off the grid".

{% include flex-gallery id="Niobrara" height="30vh" %}

We had leisurely morning before packing up to head farther west. About
an hour from Niobrara is the [Ashfall Fossil
Beds](https://ashfall.unl.edu/). This was very cool! 10 million years
ago there was a huge volcanic eruption that sent an ash plume far to the
east, covering the area with a layer of ash that killed all of the
wildlife. What is unique about the Ashfall site is that they have
discovered a watering hole where the animals gathered immediately before
they died. There are many different species of fossils here, most in
complete, intact skeletal form -- camels, tiny wild horses, rhinos,
turtles, dogs, deer and birds. The site was found by accident in the
1970's and only a small area has been excavated. The active dig site is
enclosed in a large barn, and fossils are left in place when found. They
have public dig times during the summer -- maybe something to consider
for the future.

{% include flex-gallery id="Ashfall" height="30vh" %}

Back on the road and heading for Chadron State Park in northwest
Nebraska. Some observations from the drive --
* The roads are long and straight -- our gps told us to turn left in 248
miles!
* The farm equipment is different than what we see in New England -- it's
all big here
* Corn and beans for miles -- as far as the eye can see
* Sunflowers as far as the eye can see in the western part of the state

Views from the car.

{% include flex-gallery id="Driving" height="30vh" %}

Chadron State Park campground was similar to Niobrara. There were more
campers here, but still very quiet. We pulled in next to a small camper
that had passed us earlier on the road. It's fun to see the different
kinds of campers that people have. They come in all sizes and shapes.

Dinner of tomato and cheese quesadillas on the Coleman camp stove. We
haven't gotten too elaborate on the cooking yet -- pancakes, veggie stir
fry, salads. We brought lots of food with us to minimize our need for
shopping, so we'll break into that soon. A good paneer dish with rice
will be coming soon.

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}