---
title: "Heading East - Kansas"
image: assets/images/Kansas/KansasBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Kansas
flexgallery: true
 
Sunflowers:
 - IMG_6552.jpeg
 - IMG_6499.jpeg
 - IMG_6504.jpeg
 - IMG_6511.jpeg
 - IMG_6520.jpeg
 - IMG_6535.jpeg
 - IMG_6540.jpeg
 - IMG_6541.jpeg
 - IMG_6543.jpeg
 - IMG_6547.jpeg
 - IMG_6550.jpeg
 - IMG_6546.jpeg

Camping:
 - DSCN0784.jpeg
 - DSCN0785.jpeg
 - DSCN0786.jpeg
 - DSCN0789.jpeg
 - DSCN0791.jpeg
 - DSCN0794.jpeg
 - DSCN0799.jpeg
 
---
Sept. 30 -- Heading East

Waking up to smoky air and a fine coating of ash on the car and camper
was confirmation that we shouldn't head farther west. I was really
hoping that the 11 days of our journey to Colorado would be enough time
for the fires to be contained and safe passage to California would be
possible. Looking around at other places we might visit came up with no
good options. Taos looked like a fun place to visit, but then NM put in
a 14-day quarantine for out of state visitors. The other problem with
going to new places is that the options for things to do is very limited
in the time of Covid -- the dining scene is out, as are all of the
indoor sights, and any other popular attractions that tend to get
crowded. We are still being extra cautious.

One place that we knew we could head to was Oak Island, NC, where we
could spend as much time as we wanted at our beach house -- a week on
the beach sounded so good! But then I checked our rental reservations,
and someone had just booked it for the following weekend. Oh well, 3
days on the beach is better than none, so we started driving eastward.

East of Denver, there isn't much happening in CO. Lots of open land with
cows and farmland. The fields of CO gave way to sorghum fields in
Kansas, and hundreds and hundreds of wind turbines -- way too many to
possibly count.

{% include image 
  src="Kansas/IMG_6641.jpeg" 
  alt="Windmills" 
  width="50%" 
%}

Our first stop was an Atlas Obscura site in Goodland, KS -- an 80-foot
tall easel with a 24-foot x 32-foot reproduction of van Gogh's ["Three
Sunflowers"](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/giant-van-gogh-painting).
Kansas is the Sunflower State, and Goodland is in the center of the
sunflower industry. The artist, Cameron Cross, had planned seven of
these installations -- one for each of van Gogh's Sunflower Paintings.
Canada and Australia are home to the first 2, and it looks like this one
in Kansas was the last to be built. Another funky sight to see in the
middle of nowhere.

{% include image 
  src="Kansas/IMG_6632.jpeg" 
  alt="Sunflowers" 
  width="30%" 
%}

{% include image 
  src="Kansas/IMG_6633.jpeg" 
  alt="Sunflowers" 
  width="30%" 
%}

{% include image 
  src="Kansas/IMG_6634.jpeg" 
  alt="Sunflowers" 
  width="30%" 
%}

{% include image 
  src="Kansas/IMG_6638.jpeg" 
  alt="Sunflowers" 
  width="30%" 
%}

For the night, I had found an Army Corps campground near Junction City,
KS - [Curtis Creek
Campground](https://www.recreation.gov/camping/campgrounds/233474). All
of the sites were first come, first served, and this was their last
night of the season. It looked like there should be some spots open. The
camping loops were right along a lake, and no highway nearby! When we
arrived, the campground host welcomed us and said to pick any spot and
pay online. We were right that there were spots open - on the loop we
chose there was only one other camper. For \$20 we got a great spot near
the water with electricity and water hookups. We watched the sun set
over the lake, and a beautiful moon came up in the other direction. It
was such a nice place to spend the night. If it hadn't been their last
night of the season, we might have stayed for another night. The hosts
came by in the evening to make sure everything was good, and we had a
nice chat with them.

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}
