---
title: "Ohio to Michigan"
image: assets/images/Day2/BridgeBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Day2
flexgallery: true
Hillandale:
 - IMG_6234.jpeg
 - IMG_6238.jpeg
 - IMG_6229.jpeg
 - IMG_6232.jpeg
 
Carrots:
 - IMG_6244.jpeg
 - IMG_6245.jpeg

Trout:
 - IMG_6263.jpeg
 - IMG_6261.jpeg
 - IMG_6253.jpeg

Camping:
 - 20200920_204059049_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200920_215224039_iOS.jpeg
 - 20200920_232949212_iOS.jpeg
---

Another early morning rise in the hay field in Chardon, OH. Being
farther west in our time zone, sunrise and sunset are almost an hour
later than at home. The temperature dipped to 37^O^, but we managed to
stay warm in our tent (just barely ). Sleeping bags stuffed and tent
rolled up, we bid farewell to our first Hipcamp site.

First stop of the day was the [Hillandale
Bridge](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/hillandale-bridge) in
Euclid, OH. For fans of Atlas Obscura, we are trying to fit in at least
one site per day in our travels. Yesterday's sites were the Mark Twain
Study and Roger Tory Peterson Institute. The Hillandale Bridge was built
in the 1920's as part of a housing development, and was abandoned when
the depression hit and plans for the development came to a stop. It's
quite an impressive structure that is hidden just off the road by the
city's Hillandale Park.

{% include flex-gallery id="Hillandale" height="25vh" %}

On to Ann Arbor, MI to see the [Food Gatherer's Giant
Carrots](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/food-gatherers-giant-carrots).
We were expecting larger carrots, but these were fun to see and to have
as a selfie spot. The [Giant Brown Trout
Sculpture](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/world-s-largest-brown-trout-sculpture)
in Baldwin, MI did not disappoint! Standing 25' tall it seems suspended
in the air. John helped the gardeners by dead-heading some perennials
and harvesting seeds.

{% include flex-gallery id="Carrots" height="25vh" %}
{% include flex-gallery id="Trout" height="25vh" %}


Our campsite for the night was at Ludington State Park on the shore of
Lake Michigan. Large campgrounds are not our usual preference, but
sometimes it's the best you can do. We wanted to be close to the SS
Badger Ferry for our early morning departure and sail across the great
lake. We set up camp and took a nice walk along the sandy beach. The
campground was very crowded, but only a few people were out on the
beach. After dinner, we set up our laptops on the picnic table and
worked on getting the blog up and running. It's almost ready!

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="25vh" %}
