---
title: Catskill Game Farm Visit
image: assets/images/GameFarm/GameFarmBanner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping
imagepath: assets/images/GameFarm

flexgallery: true
GameFarm: 
    - 20200905_140127648_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_140928931_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141211451_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141228070_iOS.jpeg
    -  20200905_100852.jpg
    - 20200905_141243090_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141300162_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_142026060_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_142040922_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_142536447_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_142840293_iOS.jpeg
    -  20200905_102133.jpg
    - 20200905_144508834_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_144609263_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_144944386_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_144952843_iOS.jpeg
    -  20200905_114607.jpg
    - 20200905_145122067_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_145229226_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_145509772_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_145842101_iOS.jpeg
    -  20200905_103029.jpg
    - 20200905_151005861_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_151039762_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_151501887_iOS.jpeg
    -  20200905_100912.jpg
    - 20200905_151733988_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_151927166_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_152617719_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_153827843_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_154130444_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_154602399_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_154751497_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_154933827_iOS.jpeg

LongNeckInn:
    - 20200905_154504381_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_154529904_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141425049_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141447961_iOS.jpeg
    - 20200905_141523200_iOS.jpeg 
    - 20200905_152324300_iOS.jpeg

---


John and I recently had a nostalgic trip to visit the site of the old
Catskill Game Farm in Catskill, NY. We have been spending summers in the
area since 2000, and took our children to the Game Farm when they were
young.

    
The Game Farm was a quirky mix of zoo, petting zoo, and playground, and
a fun place to spend an afternoon with the family. There were the
traditional wild animal enclosures with African cats, primates, zebras,
bears, crocodiles, and many others. The central area was a large
enclosure where you walked among the tame deer and goats. Stopping at
the concession stand, you could purchase a box of crackers for the deer,
or a bottle of milk to feed to the goats. The deer were pretty clever
and knew to give a head-butt to a child's arm to send the crackers
flying.

A small train ran through part of the farm, giving families a
much-needed break from walking for a bit. Between the bears and
crocodiles was an area with some small amusement rides and picnic spot.

The Game Farm closed on Columbus Day in 2006. We were there that day,
and were sad to know that we wouldn't be returning.

The property is now [The Old Game Farm](http://www.theoldgamefarm.com/).
Out of about 150 buildings on the grounds (of all shapes and sizes),
only one has been maintained. The old giraffe house has been restored
and is now the [Long Neck Inn](https://www.thelongneckinn.net/). Keeping
the feel of the former identity, the ground floor still has the center
aisle with "stalls" on either side. These now house seating areas and
the guest kitchen. The original front door -- tall enough for a giraffe
-- is the centerpiece of the lobby. Five guest rooms are available in
the inn, as well as four "glamping" spots on the property.

{% include flex-gallery id="LongNeckInn" height="30vh" %}

[Self-guided tours](http://www.theoldgamefarm.com/visit#onyourown) are
offered on select dates. With the exception of a couple of private
areas, the entire grounds are open for exploration. We were able to go
into many of the buildings. They are in various states of disrepair, but
we like that kind of stuff. Having a flashlight would have been good,
but we made due with cell phone lights. It was fun to try to guess which
animals lived in each building. Some of the animal buildings still had
the log books recording care of the animals.

Some Game Farm facts:

The Catskill Game Farm was started in 1933 by Roland Lindemann, with
donkeys, sheep and deer. In 1958, the USDA recognized it as a zoo,
becoming the first privately owned zoo. This allowed them to expand
their animal collection to more exotic species, eventually housing about
2,000 animals of 150 species.

In 1989, after 56 years, Lindemann sold the zoo to his daughter, Kathie
Schulz, who owned it until 2012.

The entire grounds covered 914 acres, although only about 150 were open
to the public. There was a separate animal breeding program, which
provided animals for other zoos around the country.

Do you remember the YouTube sensation of a giraffe giving birth back in
2017? That was [April](http://www.theoldgamefarm.com/april), born at the
Catskill Game Farm in 2002. "The giraffe cam made Animal Adventure Park
the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube's history, with more than
232 million live views since February. More than 1.2 million viewers
were watching when April gave birth Saturday."
([https://dfw.cbslocal.com](https://dfw.cbslocal.com/2017/04/21/april-the-giraffe-live-stream-set-to-end-today))

{% include flex-gallery id="GameFarm" height="30vh" %}
