---
title: "Picking Up the Scamp at the Nest"
image: assets/images/Day4/Day4Banner.jpg
author: rachel
published: true
layout: post
categories:
  - Camping

imagepath: assets/images/Day4
flexgallery: true
TheNest:
 - IMG_6330.jpeg
 - IMG_6332.jpeg				
 - IMG_6333.jpeg				
 - IMG_6343.jpeg				
 - IMG_6345.jpeg
 - IMG_6339.jpeg				

Twine:
 - IMG_6350.jpeg
 - 20200922_122548.jpeg
 - IMG_6353.jpeg
 - IMG_6355.jpeg
 - 20200922_123014.jpeg
  
Camping:
 - IMG_6361.jpeg
 - IMG_6362.jpeg
 - IMG_6364.jpeg
 - IMG_6367.jpeg
 - IMG_6372.jpeg
 - IMG_6374.jpeg
 - IMG_6382.jpeg

Scamp:
 - IMG_6357.jpeg
 - IMG_6360.jpeg
 - IMG_6388.jpeg

---
Day 4 -- 346 miles

In order to make our 9 a.m. appointment at Scamp Trailers, we got up extra
early. We've gotten the campsite breakdown and pack-up down to 25
minutes, so on the road at 6:15. The excitement builds as we get closer - 
yes, we're really doing this! Our eyes were peeled, and I think we
both spotted the Scamp on the pole at the same time.

First order of pick-up is to get the walk-through of our camper. Dave
showed us how everything works -- inside and out. A lot to absorb, but
we'll figure it out. Time to hitch it onto the car and hand over the
check to our sales person, Nick. A quick call to our insurance company
and she's ours!! Total time at the nest, 48 minutes -- 36 for the camper
and 12 minutes adding it to our insurance policy. We didn't know what to
expect when we arrived, but certainly not that fast!

{% include flex-gallery id="TheNest" height="30vh" %}

The Scamp is easy to tow, and we headed south to our next stop. On the
way, we had to stop and see the World's Largest Ball of Twine. There are
several that qualify for this distinction, and the one in Darwin, MN is
the largest wound by a single person. Coming in at 12 feet in diameter
and 17,400 pounds, it's pretty darn big! It held the Guinness record
from its completion in 1979 until 1994. The creator, Francis A. Johnson
spent 29 years winding baling twine for 4 hours every day! The ball now
stands on display in the town center with a small museum and gift shop.

{% include flex-gallery id="Twine" height="30vh" %}

Atlas Obscura stops so far --
- Mark Twain's Study
- Roger Tory Peterson Institute
- Hillandale Bridge
- Food Gatherers Giant Carrots
- Giant Brown Trout Sculpture
- Spoonbridge and Cherry / Giant Blue Chicken
- Largest Ball of Twine

More to come...

Our third Hipcamp stay was at [We Have
Goats](https://www.hipcamp.com/minnesota/mn-river-valley-sanctuary/we-have-goats)
-- and yes, they have very cute goats! Hipcamp is a great find. We have
had very different experiences during our 3 stays, but all positive. Our
hosts at We Have Goats had so much more to offer than we had expected.
Aside from the friendly dogs and cute goats, we had a power hookup,
fresh filtered water to fill our tanks -- and that hot shower felt so
good!

{% include flex-gallery id="Camping" height="30vh" %}

Getting the car unloaded and setting up the camper was fun. There is a
surprising amount of space and storage in the camper, but we don't want
to fill it all up right away. It will take some time to figure out what
we really need for our travels. We did have a problem getting our
refrigerator to start. It is set up to run on 3 power sources -- 120V
electric, battery power and propane. Since we had the electrical hookup,
we wanted to use that. Unfortunately, the insufficient power alarm went
off when we switched it to the 120V power. A call to Scamp didn't get us
an answer, and we didn't want to turn around and drive back up. We
switched it to propane and said we'd make some calls in the morning. We
got someone from Scamp to walk us through some troubleshooting, and
found out that they hadn't plugged the fridge into the power outlet. We
fished out the cord and plugged it in -- problem solved!

{% include flex-gallery id="Scamp" height="30vh" %}